<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--asset_model-saved_search_groups-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /asset_model/saved_search_groups</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a list the asset saved search groups.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/asset_model/saved_search_groups</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a list the asset saved search groups.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /asset_model/saved_search_groups resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /asset_model/saved_search_groups resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /asset_model/saved_search_groups request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /asset_model/saved_search_groups request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /asset_model/saved_search_groups response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /asset_model/saved_search_groups response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The asset saved search groups were returned.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the asset saved search groups.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>List of the Group objects. A Group object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The ID of the group.</li>
 <li><b>parent_id</b> - Long - The ID of the parent group (default resources can have localized names).</li>
 <li><b>type</b> - String - The type of the group.</li>
 <li><b>level</b> - Long - The depth of the group in the group hierarchy.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the group (default resources can have localized names).</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the group (default resources can have localized names).</li>
 <li><b>owner</b> - String - The owner of the group.</li>
 <li><b>modified_time</b> - Long - The time in milliseconds since epoch since the group was last modified.</li>
 <li><b>child_group_ids</b> - Array of Longs - List of the child group IDs.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "child_groups": [
            42
        ],
        "child_items": [
            "String"
        ],
        "description": "String",
        "id": 42,
        "level": 42,
        "modified_time": 42,
        "name": "String",
        "owner": "String",
        "parent_id": 42,
        "type": "String &lt;one of: LOG_SOURCE_GROUP, REPORT_GROUP, RULE_GROUP, EVENT_SAVED_SEARCH_GROUP, FLOW_SAVED_SEARCH_GROUP, OFFENSE_SAVED_SEARCH_GROUP, QRM_SAVED_SEARCH_GROUP, MODEL_SAVED_SEARCH_GROUP, QUESTION_SAVED_SEARCH_GROUP, SIMULATION_SAVED_SEARCH_GROUP, TOPOLOGY_SAVED_SEARCH_GROUP, ASSET_SAVED_SEARCH_GROUP, VULNERABILITY_SAVED_SEARCH_GROUP&gt;"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>